fix: Send correct data to http.create_test_entitlement() (#2595)
Pycord-Development/pycord: CHANGELOG.md

  ([#2584](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2584))
- Fixed the `is_owner()` `user` type hint: `User` -> `User | Member`.
  ([#2593](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2593))

> - Fixed `guild.create_test_entitlement()` and `user.create_test_entitlement()` to send
>   `application_id` instead of `guild_id`/`user_id` to `http.create_test_entitlement()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `guild.create_test_entitlement()` and `user.create_test_entitlement()` to use
  the application endpoint with the right ID.
```

> - Fixed `guild.create_test_entitlement()` and `user.create_test_entitlement()` to use
>   the application endpoint with the correct ID.
>   ([#2595](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2595))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed `Guild.create_test_entitlement()` and `User.create_test_entitlement()` using
  the guild/user ID instead of the application ID.
  ([#2595](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2595))
```
